[master] Update docs for local network. (#3367)
Zilliqa/Zilliqa: docs/local-network.md

    mitmweb --mode reverse:http://$KIND_IP_ADDR --modify-headers '/~q/Host/l2api.local.z7a.xyz'
    ```

> Note that `mitmweb` invokes your browser on launch. If you're running
> `brave`, `brave` won't go into the background when this happens, so
> `mitmweb` won't start. To "fix" this, manually quit brave, and `mitmweb` should start.
> You can then navigate manually to `localhost:8081` to see the mitm UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that `mitmweb` invokes your browser on launch. If you're running
`brave`, `brave` won't go into the background when this happens, so
`mitmweb` won't start. To "fix" this, start `mitmweb` with `--no-web-open-browser`.
You can then navigate manually to `localhost:8081` to see the UI.
```
But I'm not fussed either way :)
